Add cookbook with how to change tax address (#12731)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/taxation/customize-tax-by-address.rst

How to configure tax rates to be based on shipping address?
===========================================================

The default configuration of Sylius tax calculation is based on billing address but there are situations where we would

> like to use a shipping address to be used in this process. This could become necessary for anyone who uses Sylius in European Union

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like to use a shipping address to be used in this process. This may be useful to anyone who uses Sylius in European Union
```

as from 1st July 2021 the new taxation rules will be applied.

.. note::

    You can learn more about new EU taxation rules `here <https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/vat/modernising-vat-cross-border-ecommerce_en>`_.

To change the way how the taxes are calculated; by billing or by shipping address, you need to override the service called

> `OrderTaxesProcessor.php` from `Sylius/Component/Core/OrderProcessing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``OrderTaxesProcessor.php`` from ``Sylius/Component/Core/OrderProcessing``.
```

First let's copy code from original Processor to our service

> from `%kernel.project_dir%/vendor/sylius/sylius/src/Sylius/Component/Core/OrderProcessing/OrderTaxesProcessor.php` to `src/OrderProcessing/OrderTaxesProcessor.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from ``%kernel.project_dir%/vendor/sylius/sylius/src/Sylius/Component/Core/OrderProcessing/OrderTaxesProcessor.php`` to ``src/OrderProcessing/OrderTaxesProcessor.php``
```

Then register our new service:

.. code-block:: yaml

    # app/config/services.yaml
        App\OrderProcessing\OrderTaxesProcessor:
        arguments:
            - '@sylius.provider.channel_based_default_zone_provider'
            - '@sylius.zone_matcher'
            - '@sylius.registry.tax_calculation_strategy'
        tags:
            - { name: sylius.order_processor, priority: 10 }

> Now we need to change the method `getTaxZone` to use the shipping address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we need to change the method ``getTaxZone`` to be using the shipping address:
```

How to configure tax rates to be based on shipping address?
===========================================================

The default configuration of Sylius tax calculation is based on billing address but there are situations where we would
like to use a shipping address to be used in this process. This could become necessary for anyone who uses Sylius in European Union
as from 1st July 2021 the new taxation rules will be applied.

.. note::

    You can learn more about new EU taxation rules `here <https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/vat/modernising-vat-cross-border-ecommerce_en>`_.

To change the way how the taxes are calculated; by billing or by shipping address, you need to override the service called
`OrderTaxesProcessor.php` from `Sylius/Component/Core/OrderProcessing`.

First let's copy code from original Processor to our service
from `%kernel.project_dir%/vendor/sylius/sylius/src/Sylius/Component/Core/OrderProcessing/OrderTaxesProcessor.php` to `src/OrderProcessing/OrderTaxesProcessor.php`

> .. code-block:: php
> 
>     <?php
> 
>     //...
> 
>     final class OrderTaxesProcessor implements OrderProcessorInterface
>     {
> 
>     //...
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Then register our new service:

.. code-block:: yaml

    # app/config/services.yaml
        App\OrderProcessing\OrderTaxesProcessor:
        arguments:
            - '@sylius.provider.channel_based_default_zone_provider'
            - '@sylius.zone_matcher'
            - '@sylius.registry.tax_calculation_strategy'
        tags:
            - { name: sylius.order_processor, priority: 10 }

> Now we need to change the line `$billingAddress = $order->getBillingAddress()` to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now we need to change the method `getTaxZone` to use the shipping address:
```

.. code-block:: php

>     //...
>     private function getTaxZone(OrderInterface $order): ?ZoneInterface
>         {
>             $billingAddress = $order->getShippingAddress();
>             $zone = null;
>     //...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    private function getTaxZone(OrderInterface $order): ?ZoneInterface
    {
        $shippingAddress = $order->getShippingAddress();
        $zone = null;

        if (null !== $shippingAddress) {
            $zone = $this->zoneMatcher->match($shippingAddress, Scope::TAX);
        }

        return $zone ?: $this->defaultTaxZoneProvider->getZone($order);
    }
```
